From:
editor@ijemi.in

To:
undisclosed-recipients:;

Date:
18-9-2016

Thread ID:
1573bf675b1c14da

Subject:
IJEMI Call For Paper Volume 01 Issue 02 September 2016

Body:
 

INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENGINEERING AND MANAGEMENT INVENTION (IJEMI) 

WWW.IJEMI.IN 

E ISSN NO. :  24554786 

DEAR AUTHORS/ MY DEAR COLLEAGUES & RESEARCHERS, 

CALL FOR PAPERS SEPTEMBER 2016 

SUBMISSIONS OPEN FOR SEPTEMBER 2016 

LAST DATE OF SUBMISSION: 25 September 2016 

ACCEPTANCE NOTIFICATION: within 23 days after submission 

PUBLICATION (ONLINE): within 24 hours after Payment Approval 

VISIT OUR ARCHIVE ISSUE:
HTTP://IJEMI.IN/INDEX.PHP/IJEMICONTENTS/IJEMIPASTISSUE 

Authors are invited to submit papers for the upcoming Issue September
2016. 

FOR ONLINE SUBMISSION VISIT: HTTP://IJEMI.IN/INDEX.PHP/ONLINESUBMISSION


THE MANUSCRIPT/ PAPER CAN BE SUBMITTED ONLINE VIA ONLINE SUBMISSION
SYSTEM 

SUBMIT YOUR ARTICLE TO ONLINE IF ANY DIFFICULTY YOU CAN ALSO SUBMIT:
EDITOR@IJEMI.IN 

PUBLICATION CHARGES: 

FOR INDIAN AUTHORS 1050 INR 

FOR INTERNATIONAL AUTHORS 55 USD 

WE WILL PROVIDE HARD COPY AND CERTIFICATE TO AUTHOR. 

We are happy to inform you that, we are going to launch volume 01 issue
02 (September 2016) peer reviewed online journal entitled INTERNATIONAL
JOURNAL OF ENGINEERING AND MANAGEMENT INVENTION (IJEMI) publishing
original research article and scheduled to monthly. 

INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENGINEERING AND MANAGEMENT INVENTION (IJEMI) is
a newly published set of international journal encompassing all the
fields of Engineering, Computer Science, Technology and Management,
Social Science. We are looking forward for strict compliance to the
modern age standards in all these fields. Authors across the globe are
welcome to submit their research papers in the prestigious journal
fulfilling the requisite criterion. 

WITH REGARD 

DR. DEEPAK KUMAR DANGI 

JOURNAL MANAGER 

WEBSITE WWW.IJEMI.IN 

DISCLAIMER: If this mail was wrongly sent to your address, simply reply
with a STOP as subject line and we will ensure you do not receive such
mails in the future. 

INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENGINEERING AND MANAGEMENT INVENTION (IJEMI) 

WWW.IJEMI.IN 

E ISSN NO. :  24554786 

DEAR AUTHORS/ MY DEAR COLLEAGUES & RESEARCHERS, 

CALL FOR PAPERS SEPTEMBER 2016 

SUBMISSIONS OPEN FOR SEPTEMBER 2016 

LAST DATE OF SUBMISSION: 25 September 2016 

ACCEPTANCE NOTIFICATION: within 23 days after submission 

PUBLICATION (ONLINE): within 24 hours after Payment Approval 

VISIT OUR ARCHIVE ISSUE:
HTTP://IJEMI.IN/INDEX.PHP/IJEMICONTENTS/IJEMIPASTISSUE 

Authors are invited to submit papers for the upcoming Issue September
2016. 

FOR ONLINE SUBMISSION VISIT: HTTP://IJEMI.IN/INDEX.PHP/ONLINESUBMISSION


THE MANUSCRIPT/ PAPER CAN BE SUBMITTED ONLINE VIA ONLINE SUBMISSION
SYSTEM 

SUBMIT YOUR ARTICLE TO ONLINE IF ANY DIFFICULTY YOU CAN ALSO SUBMIT:
EDITOR@IJEMI.IN 

PUBLICATION CHARGES: 

FOR INDIAN AUTHORS 1050 INR 

FOR INTERNATIONAL AUTHORS 55 USD 

WE WILL PROVIDE HARD COPY AND CERTIFICATE TO AUTHOR. 

We are happy to inform you that, we are going to launch volume 01 issue
02 (September 2016) peer reviewed online journal entitled INTERNATIONAL
JOURNAL OF ENGINEERING AND MANAGEMENT INVENTION (IJEMI) publishing
original research article and scheduled to monthly. 

INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENGINEERING AND MANAGEMENT INVENTION (IJEMI) is
a newly published set of international journal encompassing all the
fields of Engineering, Computer Science, Technology and Management,
Social Science. We are looking forward for strict compliance to the
modern age standards in all these fields. Authors across the globe are
welcome to submit their research papers in the prestigious journal
fulfilling the requisite criterion. 

WITH REGARD 

DR. DEEPAK KUMAR DANGI 

JOURNAL MANAGER 

WEBSITE WWW.IJEMI.IN 

DISCLAIMER: If this mail was wrongly sent to your address, simply reply
with a STOP as subject line and we will ensure you do not receive such
mails in the future. 

