From:
btech-bounces@smail.iitm.ac.in

Date:
29-3-2016

Body:
Prof. Susmita Sur-Kolay of ISI Kolkata will be giving a talk on the
topic of "Physical Design-aware Fault-tolerant Quantum Circuit
Synthesis" on Thursday, 31 March at 3pm, in CS25. Abstract of her talk
is given below. All are invited.

Thank you,

--
Nitin Chandrachoodan
Associate Professor
Department of Electrical Engineering
IIT Madras
http://www.ee.iitm.ac.in/~nitin/



----
Title: Physical Design-aware Fault-tolerant Quantum Circuit Synthesis
Abstract:

Quantum circuits consist of a cascade of quantum gates. In a physical
design-unaware quantum logic circuit, a gate is assumed to operate on
an arbitrary set of quantum bits (qubits), without considering the
physical location of the qubits. However, in reality, physical qubits
have to be placed on a grid. Each node of the grid represents a qubit.
The grid implements the architecture of the quantum computer. A
physical constraint often imposed is that quantum gates can only
operate on adjacent qubits on the grid. Hence, a communication channel
needs to be built if the qubits in the logical circuit are not
adjacent. We introduce a methodology called the physical design-aware
fault-tolerant quantum circuit synthesis (PAQCS), comprising two
algorithms: one for physical qubit placement and another for routing
of communications. With the help of these two algorithms, the overhead
of converting a logical to a physical circuit is reduced by 30.1%, on
an average, relative to previous work.

This work was done jointly with Niraj K. Jha and Chia-Chun Lin of
Princeton University.

----
Speaker Bio:
Susmita Sur-Kolay received the B.Tech.(Hons.) degree in Electronics
and Electrical Communications Engineering from Indian Institute of
Technology Kharagpur and the Ph.D. degree in Computer Science and
Engineering from Jadavpur University India. She has been a faculty
member in the Advanced Computing and Microelectronics Unit of the
Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata, India since 1999 and is
presently a Professor. During the period 1993-99, she was a Reader in
the Department of Computer Science and Engineering of Jadavpur
University. Prior to that, she was a post-doctoral fellow at
University of Nebraska-Lincoln, and a Research Assistant at the
Laboratory for Computer Science in Massachusetts Institute of
Technology. She was also on sabbatical at Princeton University and
Intel Corp., USA. Her research contributions are in the areas of
electronic design automation for VLSI physical design, fault modeling
and testing, synthesis of quantum computers, and graph algorithms. She
has co-authored several technical papers in leading international
journals and refereed conference proceedings, and a chapter in the
Handbook on Algorithms for VLSI Physical Design Automation. She was
the Technical Program Co-Chair of the 18th International Conference on
VLSI Design (2005),the 11th Symposium on VLSI Design and Test (2007),
ISVLSI 2011 and has served on the program committees of several
international conferences. She has served on the editorial board of
the IET Computers and Digital Techniques, and IEEE Transactions on
VLSI Systems. She is a Distinguished Visitor of IEEE Computer Society
(India), Senior Member of IEEE, Member of ACM, IET and VLSI Society of
India. Among other awards, she was the recipient of the President of
India Gold Medal (summa cum laude) at IIT Kharagpur (1980), IBM
Faculty Award (2009).
_______________________________________________
Seminars mailing list
Seminars@list.iitm.ac.in
http://mx.iitm.ac.in/mailman/listinfo/seminars
_______________________________________________
Students mailing list
Students@smail.iitm.ac.in
http://smail.iitm.ac.in/mailman/listinfo/students
_______________________________________________
Btech mailing list
Btech@smail.iitm.ac.in
http://smail.iitm.ac.in/mailman/listinfo/btech


