From:
NDL-Support <ndl-support@iitkgp.ac.in>

Date:
17-5-2016

Body:
<div style='margin:0 auto;max-width:640px;padding:0 20px'>
	<div style='width: 110px;float:left;'><img src='cid:logoimg' style='float: left; width:
80px;'></div>
	<div style='line-height: 2px; margin-bottom: 30px; padding-top: 1px;'>
	<h3>Office of the National Digital Library Project</h3>
	<h3>Central Library (ISO-9001:2008 Certified)</h3>
	<h3>Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur</h3>
	<h3>Kharagpur - 721302</h3>
	</div>

	<div style='line-height: 2px;'>
	<h4 style='font-style: italic;'>Prof. Partha Pratim Das</h4>
	<h5 style='font-style: italic;'>Joint Principal Investigator, National Digital Library Project
&</h5>
	<h5 style='font-style: italic;'>Professor, Department of Computer Science and Engineering</h5>
	</div>
	<br>
	<div><p>Dear Rahul Ramesh, </p></div>
	<div style='text-align: justify;'><p>Welcome to National Digital Library (NDL)!</p><p>NDL is an
initiative of Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) through its National Mission on
Education through Information and Communication Technology (NMEICT) to develop the pilot of a
National Digital Library. The charter of the pilot is to build a virtual repository of learning
resources in digital form and provide single-window search portal to facilitate focused searching so
that learners can retrieve the right resource with least effort in minimum time. It is being
developed and hosted at IIT Kharagpur. The URL of NDL portal is <a
href='https://ndl.iitkgp.ac.in'>https://ndl.iitkgp.ac.in</a>  </p><p>This is a limited launch of the
pilot portal which is a forerunner of the forthcoming launch to a larger community. Your institute
is a partner for this limited launch and you are receiving this communication in this context.
Please find your login id and password below to access the NDL portal:</p></div>
	<div style='text-align: justify;'><strong>Login ID:
CS14B061@smail.iitm.ac.in</strong><br><strong>Password: 1126</strong><br></div>
	<div style='text-align: justify;'><p>After logging in you will be prompted to validate/edit your
registration data (except e-mail id which is non-editable) along with a new password (mandatory). 
In case of any problem please mail us at <a href='#'>ndl-support@iitkgp.ac.in</a> </p><p>We are
looking forward to your valuable feedback after using the system, which will enable us to refine it
further during our journey towards building a national asset. Please submit your feedback using the
<strong>Feedback</strong> (red colour) tab in the bottom of each site page.</p><p>Enjoy the NDL
pilot!<br><br>Yours sincerely,<br><br>Partha Pratim Das<br>Joint Principal Investigator,<br>National
Digital Library Project (NMEICT, MHRD)</p></div>
	</div>



