From:
Centre for innovation cfi <cfi@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
5-8-2016

Body:
Hello all,

Greetings from team Eduhubb, Centre for Innovation (CFI)


We are a group of undergraduate students working on a couple of products to
modernize our education system. Our aim is to exploit the technologies at
our disposal to make the learning experience more interactive and seamless.
We made significant progress in the last couple of months and now want to
expand our team.

Motivation:

Even though moodle is an open source project, colleges still require
servers to host it. A lot of colleges don=E2=80=99t have the necessary
infrastructure or skills to do it. This is why we started working on this
project initially but it=E2=80=99s a completely different beast now. We are=
 now
aiming to solve the fundamental problems with our education system and
develop technologies for the future.

Progress:

Over the summer, we built a CMS from scratch. It's similar to moodle but
with a lot of cool features. Some of them being:

   -

   Ability to live stream your class from our mobile app.
   -

   Upload notes. Organize them based on topics. View your classmate=E2=80=
=99s notes
   etc all on one portal.
   -

   Discussions page for each course which is basically a group chat.

We are also planning to initiate work on a hardware solution (kindle+iPad
hybrid) simultaneously to complement our software.

Sounds cool? Read on...

Want to join?

The following are not prerequisites. It=E2=80=99s fine if you just want to =
tinker
around and learn something along the way.

Recommended skills (any of these):

   -

   Android/iOS development
   -

   Web (HTML/CSS/BOOTSTRAP/JS/ANGULARJS/DJANGO)
   -

   Experience with AWS
   -

   Graphic designer


If you want to join us, please fill this
<https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSelpqotMyeO9N2nuJYzPeg7kbTjMA_dp3=
TxI1osC1FERQbpoA/viewform>
form.

For any queries or suggestions, get back to us at -
contact.eduhubb@gmail.com
*--*
*Centre for Innovation,*
*Indian Institute of Technology Madras.*
*Website* <http://www.cfi-iitm.org/main>* | *Facebook
<https://www.facebook.com/cfiiitm> | *Google+*
<https://plus.google.com/100323301205267488661> | *YouTube
<https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCE7K8WubIZDUh8yLT9dG4ag> *|*Twitter*
<https://twitter.com/CFI_IITM>



