From:
"Secretary (Co-curricular Affairs) sec_cocur" <sec_cocur@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
17-9-2016

Body:
Greetings from Shaastra 2017



Shaastra Solutions is back with a second project for you guys. We are proud
to announce our collaboration with BizWiz Learning, a reputed platform for
enhancing Professional Skills.




[image: Shaastra_Solutions_Logo.png]

For those who don=E2=80=99t know about us,

Presenting Shaastra Solutions!!

Solutions is an event which aims at bridging the gap between universities
and industries.The event outsources problems/assigns faced by companies to
undergraduate students in India. Participants will be grouped into teams
and assigned targets/tasks by companies to complete in a span of 4-6 weeks.
Projects are taken from a variety of fields to provide ample opportunity
for people to participate in fields they like. The Solutions team will set
up effective channels for communication between student team and the client=
.

Areas we are currently taking up projects in:

Services we offer

What our team is expected to do

Performance Consultancy

Teams will focus on the execution of an initiative or overall performance
of their client.

Marketing and Sales

Team will provide advice on appropriate marketing and sales strategy to
increase product/service sales.

Market and Product Research

Teams will help chart out the course of an already existing/new product
into what should be done, for it to be successful. This also includes
looking at monetizable avenues

About BizWiz Learning

BizWiz Learning provides interactive courses, workshops, competitions,
assessments, simulations, live projects, industry trips and mentoring to
up-skill individual.They provide simulations for the subjects:  Marketing,
Entrepreneurship, Finance, Operations, Project Management, Economics,
strategy and related areas.

For this project, participants will be required to perform Exploratory
Analysis on Student Clubs/Ecells which will drive BizWiz=E2=80=99s business=
 model.

Stay tuned, Shaastra Solutions will be having projects all year long. Go
ahead! Register and avail the opportunity to work on projects that you like
and when you are free!!

More details about:

* The project, its objectives and deliverables

* Selection process

* Duration and timeline

* Review and feedback mechanism

* Monetary and non-monetary incentives (Certificates and goodies from the
client and Shaastra, possible internship opportunities, etc) will be
provided upon registration.

What are you waiting for?

Register <https://goo.gl/forms/tiDfYV8LxTW58eQ92>here
<https://shaastrasolutions.typeform.com/to/arKA1W> to apply for this
project.

Yours Sincerely,

Ramprashanth M & Udith Krishna

Core Team Members

Shaastra 2017
+91 87544 43260

+91 95511 13873



