From:
iitmssiva@gmail.com

Date:
29-9-2016

Body:
WE ARE THERE TO HELP.

Being an IITian is a matter of pride. Right from our family and friends to
the country as a whole, we are respected as a creed. But even the best of
us may find ourselves overwhelmed by challenges life throws at us. These
challenges may be academic or personal. In the event of finding yourself at
crossroads that seemingly lead nowhere, please remember that your *Mitr* is
here to show you the way. As the saying goes, a friend in need is a friend
indeed.

Be it *exam stress*, *concerns about* your* future*, *inter-personal
relationships* within and outside campus *or  anything else* that is
weighing you down, do not hesitate to reach out.

IIT Madras facilitates students, in need of any kind of guidance,to connect
with the right source. We provide the following avenues for students to
seek help:

1.* Professional Counselors* - one-on-one sessions are available.
                               *Timings*: 12Noon to 7pm (Mon-Fri)
                               *Venue*:  3rd level Central Library.
                               *Contact number:* * 044 2257 5555* (campus
line).
   If no one picks up, it goes to telecounseling numbers automatically.
                               *Telecounseling* *944541 8162 / 8172 / 8312*
   The sessions will be kept *completely confidential.*

2. *Online chatting* with career coaches, life coaches and psychologists
for a productive lifestyle. *www.yourdost.com <http://www.yourdost.com/>  *is
an online platform that enables you to get guidance on one-on-one basis
from 350+ experts.

3. Trained *Mitr Student Counselors* can be contacted. Comprehensive list
can be found in* mitr.iitm.ac.in <http://mitr.iitm.ac.in/>.*

4. *Dean of Students (Dost)* can be contacted directly. Contact number:
*9444008050*

Whether it is sadness, fear, anger, frustration or grief, dealing with such
intense emotions can take a toll on anyone. Professional counselors are
trained to help individuals get clarity, deal with such emotions, identify
solutions and overcome negative feelings. *We assure confidentiality.*

Our aim is to promote well-being among students and enable you to excel in
all spheres of life. Help us to help you by simply reaching out to us, if
need be.

anbudan,
Mitr team



