From:
Centre for innovation cfi <cfi@smail.iitm.ac.in>

Date:
29-10-2016

Body:
Hi all,
Greetings from team EDUHUBB, Centre for Innovation (CFI)

We are building a web/mobile learning platform which can supplement our
current academic curriculum and make it more accessible and fun. You can
think of it as a huge add-on to moodle in a way that it has the basic
functionality of a course CMS
<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_management_system> but more
importantly, tools/services which enable you to access content from
anywhere, carry out discussions after the class, curate your own nano
courses to help your peers, live stream lectures and a lot more...

Progress:
Over the last couple of months, we have made significant progress and our
web and mobile(iOS/Android) platforms are ready with following features -


   - Live/on-demand streaming of audio and video lectures
   - Push notifications for faculty uploads, discussion etc
   - Course CMS
   - Nano course curator tool
   - Discussions tab for each course, uploaded assignment, media etc
   - Student uploads section for each course (where you can exchange notes)


All the features except the CMS will be free and we are planning to launch
them by the end of this year. We also received a lot of encouragement from
faculty members and are planning to do a dry run in insti next semester.
Sounds cool? Read on..

Want to join?
Right now we are a small team (4 members) and are hoping to double that
number. We are looking for people with the following skills (any one) :

Recommended skills :

   - Frontend developer (BOOTSTRAP/ANGULARJS)
   - Graphic designer (Photoshop/Any design Software) for designing
   mock-ups, logos etc
   - Backend developer (Django)
   - Android developer (at least one app on play store)
   - iOS developer (at least one app on app store)
   - Cloud expert (AWS)


Don=E2=80=99t forget to fill this
<https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd-5IfCDDK6ydvBcFeFTgsX0hewbkdTAa=
Q2uxd7NErLj9DQ_Q/viewform>
form.

We will have a short interview for all the students who fill up the form.
The necessary details will be conveyed over email.

For any queries or suggestions, revert back to us at - contact@eduhubb.com
*--*
*Centre for Innovation,*
*Indian Institute of Technology Madras.*
*Website* <http://cfi.iitm.ac.in/main/>* | *Facebook
<https://www.facebook.com/cfiiitm> | *Google+*
<https://plus.google.com/100323301205267488661> | *YouTube
<https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCE7K8WubIZDUh8yLT9dG4ag> *|*Twitter*
<https://twitter.com/CFI_IITM>



