From:
iitmssiva@gmail.com

Date:
28-10-2016

Body:
---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: GradStudies <GradStudies@ucop.edu>
Date: Thu, Oct 27, 2016 at 10:47 PM
Subject: University of California Graduate Admission Website Resources -
for students
To: "dost@iitm.ac.in" <dost@iitm.ac.in>


[image:
https://gallery.mailchimp.com/88f2ed7ecbe07f8ca1895247f/images/a922e303-ac0=
9-4410-b6e0-da42e7af7ca7.jpg]









Dear Dr. M.S. Sivakumar,



I hope this message finds you well.  On behalf of the University of
California (UC), I am pleased to share resources available at the *UC
graduate admissions website
<http://graduate.universityofcalifornia.edu/admissions/?utm_source=3DNewsle=
tter&utm_campaign=3DGS%20Intl-Fall%202016&utm_medium=3DEmail>*
designed to assist students who are exploring the possibility of attending
graduate school (please see the information below the line at the end of
this message).  We hope your students will consider the University of
California, the world=E2=80=99s leading public research university system. =
 We are
reaching out to you because we appreciate the important role you play in
cultivating scholars and helping them consider graduate school.



*Why UC?*  The University of California is a unique research university
system.  It has unparalleled prominence in so many fields of study.  Its
research leads to medical breakthroughs, cultural innovations, artistic
movements, new technologies, and thriving industries for which California
and the United States is known.  UC is a global leader=E2=80=A6our students=
 and
faculty help shape the world:



=C2=B7         UC has *10* distinct campuses, *5* medical centers, *3*
affiliated national laboratories, and many other locations devoted to
helping students reach their potential.



=C2=B7         UC graduate students create almost 600 new inventions a year=
;
every two weeks, a startup is formed based on a UC graduate student
invention.



=C2=B7         UC trains nearly 26,000 graduate student researchers and mor=
e
than 6,000 post-doctoral fellows who are engaged in original research.



=C2=B7         UC=E2=80=99s graduate professional programs enroll nearly 20=
,000 students
and include Business, Law, Education, Medicine, and other health science
professional practice disciplines such as Optometry, Dentistry, Pharmacy,
and Veterinary Medicine.



=C2=B7         International students account for more than 20% of enrollee=
s in
UC=E2=80=99s graduate and professional programs.



=C2=B7         UC awards over 4,000 PhDs a year, which accounts for 8 perce=
nt of
PhDs awarded in the United States.



=C2=B7         More than 20 UC graduate students have gone on to win the No=
bel
Prize.



=C2=B7         There are more than 1.7 million UC alumni living and working
around the world.



This is just part of the foundation on which a student stands in choosing a
UC campus. Students will experience the impact and power of a research
enterprise=E2=80=A6not just a single campus.  It is my hope that the gradua=
te
admission resources listed below will prove useful to your work in
supporting and advising students.  Please feel free to share the below
information with students as they research potential graduate programs.  I
hope they will consider the outstanding opportunities available at the
University of California.



Please also share this information with your colleagues working to help
students advance along the academic pipeline.  We very much appreciate the
work you and your colleagues do to promote access, equity, and excellence
on behalf of your students.  If you have any questions or if I can be of
assistance please do not hesitate to contact me.  Thank you.



Sincerely,

Pamela



Pamela D. Jennings

Director of Graduate Studies

University of California, Office of the President

Research and Graduate Studies









[image:
https://gallery.mailchimp.com/88f2ed7ecbe07f8ca1895247f/images/a922e303-ac0=
9-4410-b6e0-da42e7af7ca7.jpg]



*Graduate Admission Resources
<http://graduate.universityofcalifornia.edu/admissions/?utm_source=3DNewsle=
tter&utm_campaign=3DGS%20Intl-Fall%202016&utm_medium=3DEmail>*



The University of California has a number of resources designed to assist
students who are considering applying to graduate school.  Below is some of
what you will find on the website.  UC is an exciting and dynamic place to
be; we hope you will join us!





*Degree Search Tool*

<http://graduate.universityofcalifornia.edu/admissions/degree-search/index.=
php?utm_source=3DNewsletter&utm_campaign=3DGS%20Intl-Fall%202016&utm_medium=
=3DEmail>

*Check out the online degree search tool
<http://graduate.universityofcalifornia.edu/admissions/degree-search/index.=
php?utm_source=3DNewsletter&utm_campaign=3DGS%20Intl-Fall%202016&utm_medium=
=3DEmail>
for all UC graduate programs.  *The tool makes it easier to search the 600+
graduate programs offered across the ten UC campuses to find programs of
interest =E2=80=93 be it art, civil engineering, political science, or anyt=
hing in
between.  Click *here
<http://graduate.universityofcalifornia.edu/admissions/degree-search/index.=
php?utm_source=3DNewsletter&utm_campaign=3DGS%20Intl-Fall%202016&utm_medium=
=3DEmail>*
to try it!





*Application Advice*

<http://graduate.universityofcalifornia.edu/admissions/?utm_source=3DNewsle=
tter&utm_campaign=3DGS%20Intl-Fall%202016&utm_medium=3DEmail>

Hear from UC graduate students on how to prepare and apply to graduate
school; view *videos from the graduate student community
<http://graduate.universityofcalifornia.edu/admissions/?utm_source=3DNewsle=
tter&utm_campaign=3DGS%20Intl-Fall%202016&utm_medium=3DEmail>.
*





*Campus Profiles*

<http://graduate.universityofcalifornia.edu/admissions/campuses/index.html?=
utm_source=3DNewsletter&utm_campaign=3DGS%20Domestic%20CSU-Fall%202016&utm_=
medium=3DEmail>

*Access profiles of each of UC=E2=80=99s ten campuses
<http://graduate.universityofcalifornia.edu/admissions/campuses/index.html?=
utm_source=3DNewsletter&utm_campaign=3DGS%20Domestic%20CSU-Fall%202016&utm_=
medium=3DEmail>*,
including links and contact information to learn more about the
opportunities available to prospective students.  Each of our campuses
offers a unique blend of learning experiences and lifestyles, and welcomes
students from across the globe.





*Graduate Outreach Brochure*

<http://ucop.edu/graduate-studies/_files/whats-next.pdf?utm_source=3DNewsle=
tter&utm_campaign=3DGS%20Intl-Fall%202016&utm_medium=3DEmail>

*View the outreach booklet **What's next?
<http://ucop.edu/graduate-studies/_files/whats-next.pdf?utm_source=3DNewsle=
tter&utm_campaign=3DGS%20Intl-Fall%202016&utm_medium=3DEmail>
**This* terrific resource provides comprehensive information to prospective
students, encouraging them to consider graduate school and pursue their
studies at the University of California.





*Be sure to also check out UC on social media!*



<https://www.facebook.com/universityofcalifornia>
<https://twitter.com/UC_Newsroom>
<https://www.instagram.com/uofcalifornia/>
<http://ucresearch.tumblr.com/>



